Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're gonna be talking about how to convert numbers to
strings and we're also going to combine some of the some of the things that we've learned over the previous
lectures.
So one of the most common things to do.
Not just important but in any programming language is to use variables within a message.
But what happens when the variable is a number.
Well let's take a look and see.
So let's start off with her name
single opening closing single quotes.
Tony that title to uppercase that when we need to know that's put in airdate variable.
So date today equals now because we're putting in a number we don't need to surround that in opening
closing quote single or double.
So today's date.
24.
And now let's put in a welcome message to ourselves.
So welcome.
Now let's use concatenation here to combine a couple of variables that we've created.
So let's start off with our opening closing double quote high space plus name so it inserts or name
plus now we'll add in our welcome message.
So opening closing quotes.
Welcome back.
Today's and we can use a single quote here because we've opened this piece of string with a double quote
and we're going to close with a double quote.
As you can see here so welcome back.
Today's date is the now concatenate and we add in our date today variable day today.
Plus opening closing double quote space of October and there we go and let's finish just offer up with
a print statement.
Now so we're telling it to print out our welcome message and let's have a look at the US
well as you can see here are welcome message once again is hi Plus our name variable which is Tony.
Then we have a welcome message so please welcome back.
Today's date is the plus date today which is 24 of October so let's print this and see how it runs.
We can see down here in the bottom left hand corner.
The computer said no.
So if anybody is familiar with the comedy sketch show in the UK Little Britain you will know this by
heart.
The computer says no.
No matter what you do you've got to know.
So why has a computer said no.
Well down here an error message we can see that we can convert an integer which is our value 24 into
a string.
So what Python is doing here is that it expects today's date to be a string.
So we expect Python to insert the variable date today into our string.
But instead it gave an error.
So in this instance Pluton knows that we have a variable with the value of 24 but what it doesn't know
is how to interpret that value to pipe in that variable could be either.
The numerical value of 2 4 are simply the characters 2 and 4.
When you want to insert integers into a string you need to tell Python to use the integer like a string.
And this can be done very simply with the Esti or for string method and that method looks like this
as T or and like all other methods opening closing brackets this method tells Python to represent non-strict
values such as integers as strings.
So let's insert this method into our welcome message above.
So now we're going to help Huyton to treat the variable data today as just any other string or last
printer string again.
And there we go.
And actually I've missed a space here.
Let me just that in space and run it again.
So here we go.
Hi Tony welcome back.
Today's date is the 24th of October.
Now pite knows that we want to convert the variable value of 24 to a string and display the characters
to 4.
So that's a good example of everything that we've learned so far.
I hope that helped and if any questions please do not hesitate to contact me in the Q and A section
and I look forward to seeing you in the next lecture.
Thank you.